miss
Uncle aunt
Why are you here?
Remember that we are all our own
I'm not going to go around.
I'm here with your dad today
It's just for Sisi
Sisi, it's all unbalanced in my heart
You have been a eldest lady for 18 years
He can only stay in the country
That's why I made such a mistake.
Can you tell the moon god
Let him go
You are the reason, I will
That's fine.
Sisi may have made these mistakes because of jealousy
Not as long as he pays the 3,000 bucks
Apologize again
What about this?
Call the shots and forgive
But he has already spent the 3,000 yuan
3,000 dollars was spent.
How can I tell Le Sheng that I have no money?
What's so hard to explain?
You and Lesheng, are you two?
Well, he asked for a dowry of 8,800
He is willing to give you the 3,000 yuan dowry
What is this?
Then you go to the Public Security Bureau to find a few.
Give him 3,000 bucks
See if he can hold yourself
How can you give me this fatherly talk?
Is Xiao Zhou's wife at home?
Ah, I'm here.
Your mother makes the villagers sad
Come here and say it's urgent for you to go home
Aunt Zhang, I see.
Uncle aunt
I have something to do at home
I won't be with you today
OK, can't sit still.